So one time when my kids were little like I'm gonna say around two, we
went hiking with, um not really hiking hiking because they were only
two. So we went on kind of maybe more of like a nature walk. Um and
so my husband and I were talking and, you know, I'm kind of like all
the time, just counting, counting, counting, making sure all the
kids were there, Um, and all of a sudden I was like, I couldn't find
one of my daughters and i e I started to panic, and I was looking around
and looking around. I couldn't find her. I turned to my husband
and I was like, Where is Katherine? Where did where is she? She's
lost and he looked at me and he's like, Are you OK? And I'm like, Dude,
our child is missing like get let's go, Let's figure this out. And
you just started laughing at me, and I was really, really close to
punching him because I was just like, First of all, this is the most
inappropriate reaction ever, like our child is missing and you were
laughing at me, and he's like she's on your head and I had picked
her up and I had put her on my shoulders, and I just I forgot that
she was on my shoulders and so all I knew was that she was just It was
kind of like, you know, when you're looking for your glasses and
they're on your head, it was just It was my child this time.